A cache miss is an event in which a system or application makes a request to retrieve data from a cache, but that specific data is not currently in cache memory. Contrast this to a cache hit, in which the requested data is successfully retrieved from the cache.

1.Memcached vs. Redis

Memcached is a distributed memory caching system designed for ease of use and simplicity and is well-suited as a cache or a session store.
Redis is an in-memory data structure store that offers a rich set of features. It is useful as a cache, database, message broker, and queue.

 Similarities:
1.Sub-Millisecond Latency: Both Memcached and Redis offers sub-millisecond response times by keeping data in memory.
2.Data Partitioning: Similarly, both in-memory databases allow distributing data across multiple nodes.
3.Programming Languages Support: Likewise, both support all major programming languages including Java, Python, JavaScript, C, and Ruby.

Differences:
Memcached allows us to run commands by connecting to the server using telnet:
		$ telnet 10.2.3.4 5678
		Trying 10.2.3.4...
		Connected to 10.2.3.4.
		$ stats
		STAT pid 14868
		STAT uptime 175931
		STAT time 1220540125
		// ...
In contrast to Memcached, Redis comes with a dedicated command-line interface, redis-cli, allowing us to execute commands:
		$ redis-cli COMMAND
		1) 1) "save"
		     2) (integer) 1
		     3) 1) "admin"
		        2) "noscript"
		     // ...
		2) 1) "multi"
		   2) (integer) 1
		   3) 1) "noscript"
		      2) "fast"
		   // ...
		3) 1) "geodist"
		   2) (integer) -4
		   3) 1) "readonly"
		   // ...
		
		// ...

2.Disk I/O Dumping:
Memcached handles disk dumping only with third-party tools like libmemcached-tools or forks like memcached-dd.

However, Redis provides highly configurable default mechanisms like RDB (Redis database file) or AOF (Append-only files) for disk dumping. This can be useful for archival and recovery.

3. Data Structures

Memcached stores key-value pairs as a String and has a 1MB size limit per value. However, Redis also supports other data structures like list, set, and hash, and can store values of up to 512MB in size.


4. Replication£º
Memcached supports replication with third-party forks like repcached. Unlike Memcached, Redis provides us functionality to multiply clusters by replicating the primary storage for better scalability and high availability.



Amazon ElastiCache is a fully managed, in-memory caching service supporting flexible, real-time use cases. 
You can use ElastiCache for caching, which accelerates application and database performance, or as a primary data store for use cases that don't require durability like session stores, gaming leaderboards, streaming, and analytics. 
ElastiCache is compatible with Redis and Memcached. 

Use cases
Accelerate application performance
Access data with microsecond latency and high throughput for lightning-fast application performance.
Ease backend database load
Cache your data to reduce pressure on your backend database, enabling higher application scalability and reducing operational burden.
Build low-latency data stores
Use ElastiCache to store non-durable datasets in memory and support real-time applications with microsecond latency.

Vertical scaling refers to increasing the processing power of a single server or cluster.
Vertical scaling refers to adding more resources (CPU/RAM/DISK) to your server (database or application server is still remains one) as on demand. ... Vertical Scaling usually means upgrade of server hardware

Horizontal Scaling on the other hand means that more servers are added and the database is distributed across them. Hence you still work with one database but multiple servers that host it.