1. Packages are used in Java in order to prevent naming conflicts, to control access, to make searching/locating and usage of classes, interfaces, enumerations and annotations easier, etc.
2. Java compiler imports java. lang package internally by default. It provides the fundamental classes that are necessary to design a basic Java program. The important classes are Object, which is the root of the class hierarchy, and Class, instances of which represent classes at run time.
3. Class. A class is a user defined blueprint or prototype from which objects are created. It represents the set of properties or methods that are common to all objects of one type.
   A Java object is a member (also called an instance) of a Java class. Each object has an identity, a behavior and a state. The state of an object is stored in fields (variables), while methods (functions) display the object's behavior. Objects are created at runtime from templates, which are also known as classes.
4. A Java constructor is special method that is called when an object is instantiated. In other words, when you use the new keyword. The purpose of a Java constructor is to initializes the newly created object before it is used. ... Typically, the constructor initializes the fields of the object that need initialization.
5. There is no default value for local variables, so local variables should be declared and an initial value should be assigned before the first use. for instance variable default value is 0/null.
6.	The main objective of this process is to free up the memory space occupied by the unnecessary and unreachable objects during the Java program execution by deleting those unreachable objects.
7. The class member declared as Protected are inaccessible outside the class but they can be accessed by any subclass(derived class) of that class.
8. Immutable class in java means that once an object is created, we cannot change its content.
9. equals(): This is a method defined in the Object class. This method is used for checking the equality of contents between two objects as per the specified business logic.	
   == £º It is a binary operator in Java. This operator is used for comparing addresses (or references), i.e checks if both the objects are pointing to the same memory location.
10. A Wrapper class is a class whose object wraps or contains primitive data types. When we create an object to a wrapper class, it contains a field and in this field, we can store primitive data types. In other words, we can wrap a primitive value into a wrapper class object.
11. In Java, primitive data types are treated differently so do there comes the introduction of wrapper classes where two components play a role namely Autoboxing and Unboxing. Autoboxing refers to the conversion of a primitive value into an object of the corresponding wrapper class is called autoboxing.
12. T
13. Constructors are not members, so they are not inherited by subclasses, but the constructor of the superclass can be invoked from the subclass.
14. In Java, the superclass constructor can be called from the first line of a subclass constructor by using the special keyword super() and passing appropriate parameters, for example super(); or super(theName); as in the code below.
15. The object class